Really, Prince.
You're hiding here? Again?
It's just us, you can
call me by my name.
[BILIN]
You can't be getting cold feet
this late in the match, surely.
No. But honestly,
I still can't get used to
wearing this costume.
[sighs] There are going to be
foreign dignitaries there,
so we have no other choice.
Despite the difficulty of
moving your inauguration up,
this is your duty as
a member of the royal family.
Grand Master Bilin.
Do you believe that
the world will change today?
Yes. It will be determined
whether our country
sacrificed for this
Project in vain.
Today shall decide
our war with the Earless.
They vanish or we fade away.
[gasps]
[BILIN] Yes, the world
did change that day.
[BILIN] That day, the world
was supposed to change.
[TREMOLO AI] Three o'clock.
Abnormal Noise detected.
[BILIN] That color.
No mistaking it. But how?
Charging in!
Found you!
‐‐[STUR] What?
‐‐[ZENDE] Huh?
[STUR gasps]
[ZENDE screams]
[STUR]
Is this fate?
[ZENDE]
Is this coincidence?
[EIN]
Is this really happening?
The Witch Sisters.
How long has it been now?
[EIN]
What brings the woman knight
to interrupt our sacred ritual?
Has she nothing better to do
in the service of
her dead nation?
Goodness. I'm honored
that you remember me.
Though I'm sure
it's only because
those scars I gave
you still sting.
[EIN gasps] Your mouth spews
filth like a festering wound.
I'll stitch your face shut,
grave robber!
How tiresome.
Like a bloke at the pub
who's gone past his limit.
You're killing the mood!
[EIN] It is not our way
to dirty our own hands
with the grit and
grime of battle.
[groans]
[EIN]
However!
Cheeky one.
Analysis.
[TREMOLO AI]
Analysis complete.
Got her.
Let's go!
[EIN gasps]
[BILIN]
Feed Me.
With Your Kiss.
[EIN screams]
Now then. Let's hear your story.
Chelsea Girl.
[ECHO] Am I being
abducted? Or dreaming?
That's not it.
[ECHO] Wait‐‐wait, wait, wait,
okay, slow down, Echo.
Let's take stock.
First we got thrown
from the train.
And then the weird sisters
in the forest, right?
[ECHO gasps]
[MU] Stop goofing around
and put your clothes on!
Oh crap! Where are we?
[BILIN] Lovely.
Our young guests are awake.
[TREMOLO AI] The boy has been
found free of health issues.
It would seem he hails
from Liverchester,
and his lady friend
hails from nowhere.
[ECHO]
Wow, another miss! That's crazy.
You couldn't land a hit on them!
Don't talk crap.
It wasn't my fault.
When it was happening,
it seemed like
a whole swarm
of 'em all over me!
Whispering weird
stuff into my ears.
They can use their equipment
to control illusions.
You could get into
some crazy deep strategy
with a power like that!
Quit geeking out about it.
Don't get bitter.
You just gotta hit 'em back
twice as hard next time, right?
That's totally not the point.
You don't get it.
Hey, there's‐‐[gasps]
Why's it all burnt?
What happened?
How did it get messed up
so bad while I was out?
[MU]
That's it. You need to go home.
Get your crap together and
go back to Liverchester!
What? For real?
Why the sudden change of heart?
[TREMOLO AI] Paging Miss Mu
in the guest quarters.
Your presence is
requested on the bridge.
[MU]
Yeah, all right.
Hold on. Wait a sec. Hey!
Sorry.
[BILIN] So, seems you
and your boyfriend
had a little spat.
[MU] We weren't having a "spat."
Also, he's not my boyfriend.
[BILIN] Hm. In any case, please
allow me to introduce myself.
First, I should say that
you're in the headquarters
of Tremolo Technologies.
We follow the Noise produced
by the Earless to collect
and examine wrecked
and abandoned Equipment
from around the world.
I'm the deputy director
of this organization.
Bilin Valentine.
I'm Mu. It's a pleasure,
but Ms. Bilin?
[BILIN]
Hm?
Why did you
rescue us back there?
Of course.
You'll need some background
before it makes sense.
[BILIN] Ten years ago now,
my country agreed
to host what was to be
the world's biggest Fest.
A historic operation on
an unprecedented scale,
with the aim of wiping out
the Earless completely.
Multiple nations
sponsored the event,
and all the best‐known
Players from across the world
united behind a common cause.
Had the Fest succeeded,
our world would be free today
from the plague of the Earless,
but sadly, in the end,
that grand endeavor could hardly
have been more of a failure.
The Earless responded
in overwhelming numbers,
and they took a dreadful toll.
In terms of life lost
and Equipment scrapped.
And having been the host and the
main drive behind that effort,
my country was held liable.
In the eyes of the world,
our ambition had set off a war
that devastated
all of humankind,
and our beloved homeland
was the price we paid for it.
But why did you save me?
The reason we failed, was that
a single Player went rogue
and compromised the entire plan.
The most powerful Player
alive back then,
whose name you might know.
It was Jimi Stonefree.
And that, the Core Part
around your neck,
is identical to the one he used.
You mistook my purpose.
You've been captured,
not rescued.
Now, Miss Mu.
I'll be asking the questions
from here on out.
[gasps]
Just who are you, really?
[ECHO]
Wow, this place is amazing.
[sighs] But what was
that about just now?
Suddenly telling me to
go back to Liverchester.
Aw man, looks like the
rectifier tube's burnt out.
It would be an easy fix
if I had a replacement.
[KEVIN] Well, then you
may just be in luck.
"It's better to burn out
than to fade away."
You know who said that, right?
[ECHO gasps]
No way. Are you...
Oh my gosh, you really are!
The young lion of the
Equipment building world!
Heh. Hardly either, now.
[ECHO]
What is‐‐ Where are‐‐
Please, lad, compose yourself.
Let's focus on
the matter at hand.
Young man. This amp here.
Is it your work?
Well I mean you might say, uh.
So I come from this total
dump called Liverchester,
as in it's literally
where the rest of the world
dumps its garbage.
And I collected a bunch of it
and slapped it together till it
sorta looked like an amp?
But...
Liverchester?
[ECHO]
Yeah.
I see. You grew up in
Liverchester. Makes sense.
But still, to build something of
this caliber from scrap, bravo!
Do what? Sorry?
Your name, my friend?
Echo. It's Echo Rec.
Echo. Nice. It suits you.
My name is Kevin Valentine.
I know!
Good to meet you.
It's better to burn out
than to fade away, friend.
Plus, when something burns out,
if you repair it,
you can still use it.
And that is where the skills of
an engineer come into play.
Don'tcha think?
So your memory's
completely gone.
It's true, believe it or not.
Right, then. I see no reason
I should assume you're lying,
but I'm afraid I still
can't allow someone
bearing this power to roam free.
Wait a minute!
It poses too great a danger.
I mean. If it were
to be used improperly,
it could quite literally
bring the world to an end.
And in any case,
if you've got no memories,
you've got nowhere to be.
Hardly makes sense
to hurry there, does it?
I guess you're
not exactly wrong.
Kevin?
[ECHO] You don't have to
plug it into the amp?
You didn't realize?
As long as the
Core Part responds,
the Equipment will function.
Who is that?
He's our director,
outside his room for the
first time in four years.
No joke?
And for an amplifier,
of all the silly things.
[MU] And look at him down there
grinning like an idiot.
Not a friggin' clue
what I've been dealing with.
Men never seem to outgrow
the urge to play
with toys, do they?
Dude, right?
If you love your amp so much,
why don't you marry it?
Like a pack of
self‐indulgent kids.
Yep, though we can
be just as bad.
[BILIN]
We surely can.
[ZENDE]
What are you going to do?
[STUR]
Where are you going to go?
[EIN] How are you going to
tear this world asunder?
[gasps]
Excuse me. I need to
get some more rest.
Of course. Feel free,
but is everything...?
So you dug a Player out
of the scrap heap, did ya?
Sounds like a fairy tale.
Yeah, that was pretty
much what it felt like.
How could she have gotten
mixed in with that stuff?
But in any case,
I guess the two of you
ended up becoming partners, huh?
Not too sure about that.
Today she told me to
go back to Liverchester.
Ahh, right.
Well, you're kids, that sort
of thing's to be expected.
Bit of advice.
With women, you have to
create the right mood.
After the kiss, you just‐‐
Hey, it's not even like that!
[ECHO]
Uh, hey, Mister Kevin?
You used to be a Player
before, is that right?
Huh? What's this about?
[ECHO] The Crimson Belle's
entry in the almanac
said you were originally
part of a two‐member crew.
But now Ms. Bilin does
the piloting by herself.
So, what made you give it up?
You've done your homework,
haven't you, lad?
As you said.
Sue is built for two.
I built it so I could
pilot it with Bilin.
And that was selfish.
My fear got the better of me.
You mean you were afraid
of the Earless? I see.
I was. But no, that wasn't it.
Bilin's a knight.
She'd always serve her country,
even at the cost of her life.
and that terrified me,
because I'd have readily
given up our country
to save her.
That's the kind of fear
that's often to blame
for people splitting up.
Knowing that if you
keep hanging on,
one of you is certain to
end up hurting the other.
Right, should be good to go.
Now, have you given it a name?
A name? That's a thing?
It's a terribly important thing.
You've brought this
amp into the world,
but once you've
given a name to it,
that's when it
truly comes alive.
[inaudible]
[BILIN]
Trouble sleeping?
[MU] My brain keeps finding
better things to do.
Sometimes I catch the
breeze dancing around me
and wonder if maybe I've
gotten lost in a fantasy.
Fallen into some vision
twisted by my fear.
Like a Daydream.
And someday,
I'll wake up in the real world
with the Earless gone,
and life will go on
without all the darkness
bearing down on everyone.
Would be nice.
Except we are awake.
Quite a frosty response.
You think you'll lose him,
and it scares you.
[MU gasps]
I still don't know
where you came from,
and it seems you don't either,
which is a whole
mystery in itself.
To be honest,
I can't quite trust you yet.
So think of these words
as the private thoughts
of a fellow Player.
Thoughts that you just
happened to overhear.
Sometimes when
I fight the Earless,
I can hear their voices
calling out to me.
Though it's not really them.
I know they're in my head.
And yet, I'm sure I sense
a longing in them.
Like they're begging me.
"Give us more.
Rain your passion on us.
Douse that ember of reason that
still burns us from the inside."
And I will.
I'll fight to rid this
world of the Earless.
Even if the world
hates me for it.
Even if it means
giving up my homeland.
Tortured creatures,
phantoms lashing out,
lost in their anguish.
I won't rest till they're
all saved. Every one.
Tell me.
What's the most important
quality for a Player? Any ideas?
Talent, right?
Try again.
Or, power?
Not quite.
Technique, then.
Conviction. And it makes
no difference what for,
as long as your desire to share
it is too strong to hold back.
That conviction is what
gives off the light
which guides the Earless
to their salvation.
If there's something in you
that compels you to press on,
even through your
fear of losing him,
then perhaps that
part of yourself
is where you'll find
your conviction.
Ms. Bilin!
[BILIN]
Take good care of her for me.
Do what?
Mu!
Hey.
[BILIN] Finally tired
of being a shut‐in?
I had to find out
how the dream ended.
[ECHO]
This guy is called the AC30.
My very first Equipment, and now
I've finally completed it.
All my life, I thought
I'd be digging through scrap,
just living till
I died in my hometown.
And that's probably the
way it would have been
if I hadn't met you.
Probably, and it would have been
a way better life
for you in the end.
'Cause I'm a dangerous person,
and you'll be putting
yourself in danger if‐‐
I know. And I'm still
ready to come with you.
[gasps]
Nobody lives forever, right?
I don't know what
you heard from who,
but there's no way
I'm turning back.
Mu. I wanna do this.
I wanna see the world with you.
[gasps]
A lass of light and a
lad of Liverchester.
Huh. What is this?
Does something stir within
our Grand Master's heart?
For the first time
in a long while.
And would the Young Lion care
to join me after ten years?
Yeah, well, You Made Me Realise.
You won't hold me back?
Who, me? Nah.
[BILIN]
Pardon the intrusion, dears.
We hate to
interrupt this moment,
but we must trouble
you for a match.
Is it an angel's power
you bear, or a demon's?
That, we can only
learn in battle!
Ms. Bilin?
[ECHO]
For real?
[MU]
You sure?
You oughta know I'm not about
all that "respecting
my elders" crap.
And that's exactly why
you need to see this.
Now let me show you
True Crimson,
the world's greatest beauty.
I think you're just
looking for a fight.
We can be just as bad.
‐‐Echo!
‐‐Oh, yeah!
[TREMOLO AI]
Three, two, one. Rave Down!
[MU, ECHO yell]
Fine. This is fine!
Whoa. We're flying.
I whipped up a little mod
while I was replacing
the rectifier tube.
[MU] Hell yeah!
That's what I call a partner!
Kids these days get
revved up fast, don't they?
We have to show these
punks how it's done.
Let's go, Young Lion!
[groans]
Easy there, Chelsea Girl.
Keep it steady!
Hey! Was that all
the speed we've got?
Well there's only one
way to find out, right?
That's the idea. Think fast!
[ECHO]
Use the Top Boost!
Pop what loose?
No, Top Boost!
That's your ultimate attack.
The one you used
back in Liverchester!
Like the one that
stopped working?
It will work!
You just focus on doing it!
[MU]
I was afraid.
I thought that
maybe there wasn't
a place for me in this world.
That even after you gave me
a reason to be here,
someone else could come
along and take it away.
I want...
I want to be a Player!
[MU, ECHO]
Top Boost!
That same glow.
It's true. There's no doubt.
[KEVIN]
It is, and it's much brighter
than it ever was in him.
But you're still far too green!
Let's see how you
deal with this!
I Can See It!
But I Can't...
[BILIN, KEVIN]
...Feel It!
Beautiful.
So sick!
That was the coolest ever!
True Crimson was everything
you said it would be,
I could feel it
down to my bones!
Wow! Um, do you mind‐‐ Ow!
All right.
We gave you what you
asked for, so can we go?
You may. Although,
there is a condition.
Ugh. I thought we were
done with conditions.
When our Fest failed,
those Players who
survived split up
and withdrew to
their own countries.
All of them carry a bit
of Jimi's hidden legacy.
They'll know things
that even I don't.
Track them all down
and learn the truth
behind the power within you.
Because if you can't
do that, you'll always...
...be a Chelsea Girl.
That's what you were
gonna say, right?
[MU]
Yeah, I'm down.
After all the crap
he's put me through,
I'm ready to go get a piece
of this Jimi guy for myself.
I owe him at least
one clean shot to the jaw,
don't you think?
Dear me. She's a rowdy one.
[MU] We'll meet again,
and I won't lose!
[ECHO]
Thank you so much!
Say. Bilin.
Yeah?
Uh. Think the world's
gonna change today?
Well. Suppose we'll see.
[JIMI]
Hair mussed from sleep.
Lingering on the balcony in
the same shirt I slept in.
I look up and I see a black sun.
I shouldn't let it get to me.
It's just their hearts
that are tainted.
As for me, I'll put
the gun to my temple
with a smile on my face.
I've always disliked
having to lie to people.
Better to be hated
for what you are
than loved for what you're not.
Hello, hello, hello.
"Teen Spirit."
Serves you right.
Die, Players.